c:\users\goldbozi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blitz\Blitz\bin\Debug\Blitz.exe
c:\users\goldbozi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blitz\Blitz\bin\Debug\Blitz.pdb
c:\users\goldbozi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blitz\Blitz\bin\Debug\Blitz.xml
c:\users\goldbozi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blitz\Blitz\obj\Debug\Blitz.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\goldbozi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blitz\Blitz\obj\Debug\Blitz.Form1.resources
c:\users\goldbozi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blitz\Blitz\obj\Debug\Blitz.Resources.resources
c:\users\goldbozi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blitz\Blitz\obj\Debug\Blitz.tab.resources
c:\users\goldbozi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blitz\Blitz\obj\Debug\Blitz.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\goldbozi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blitz\Blitz\obj\Debug\Blitz.exe
c:\users\goldbozi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blitz\Blitz\obj\Debug\Blitz.xml
c:\users\goldbozi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blitz\Blitz\obj\Debug\Blitz.pdb
c:\users\goldbozi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blitz\Blitz\bin\Debug\Awesomium.Core.dll
c:\users\goldbozi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blitz\Blitz\bin\Debug\Awesomium.Windows.Forms.dll
c:\users\goldbozi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blitz\Blitz\bin\Debug\Awesomium.Core.xml
c:\users\goldbozi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blitz\Blitz\bin\Debug\Awesomium.Windows.Forms.xml
c:\users\goldbozi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blitz\Blitz\bin\Debug\awesomium.dll
c:\users\goldbozi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blitz\Blitz\bin\Debug\icudt.dll
c:\users\goldbozi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blitz\Blitz\bin\Debug\avcodec-53.dll
c:\users\goldbozi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blitz\Blitz\bin\Debug\avformat-53.dll
c:\users\goldbozi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blitz\Blitz\bin\Debug\avutil-51.dll
c:\users\goldbozi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blitz\Blitz\bin\Debug\libEGL.dll
c:\users\goldbozi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blitz\Blitz\bin\Debug\libGLESv2.dll
c:\users\goldbozi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blitz\Blitz\bin\Debug\awesomium_process
c:\users\goldbozi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blitz\Blitz\bin\Debug\inspector.pak
c:\users\goldbozi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blitz\Blitz\bin\Debug\xinput9_1_0.dll
c:\users\goldbozi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blitz\Blitz\bin\Debug\pdf_js.pak
C:\Users\GolDBozi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Blitz\Blitz\obj\Debug\Blitz.tab2.resources
C:\Users\GolDBozi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Blitz\Blitz\bin\Debug\Blitz.exe.config
C:\Users\GolDBozi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Blitz\Blitz\obj\Debug\Blitz.Settings.resources
